# Formats
You can define your totally custom format by rewriting values in the `_Formats.ini` file.

The first word in each line says on whom the format will be applied to [^FormatNames].
Whatever it is after the `=` sign says what the final name for the record will be.
[^FormatNames]: Each one of following subtitles are the posible values for this.

You can write whatever you want after the `=` sign. Only the following tags will be replaced in your text.
See examples below to understand all of this.

***Tags are case sensitive***. If some tag isn't getting translated, first thing to check is if it's properly cased.

### Leyends
- [x] This tag has been fully implemented.
- [ ] This tag has not been implemented, but it's planned to be.

List of available tags for:

## \*All
Master ESP tags:
- **[OriginalName]** Name of the record as defined in the first esp that creates it.

Current ESP tags:

- **[Name]** Name of the record as defined in the currently selected esp file.

These tags are available for all types of records.

## Spell
Available for records of Spell type. Signature `SPEL`.

Winning ESP tags:
- [x] **[SpellLvl]** Raw value of the Minimum Skill Level as defined in the esp. Usually `0`, `25`, `50`, `75` or `100`.
- [x] **[SpellSchool]** Name of the magic school this spell belongs to. Translated.
- [x] **[SpellLvlName]** Level of the spell as a name. Usually `Novice`, `Apprentice`, `Adept`, `Expert`, `Master`. Translated.
- [x] **[SpellLvlNum]** Number assigned to this school level. Translated.

#### Usage example
Using default values defined in `_Names.ini`:

Format|Original|Processed
|---|---|---|
 `Spell=[SpellSchool] ([SpellLvlName]) - [OriginalName]` | Flames | Des (Novice) - Flames
 ^ | Detect Dead | Alt (Expert) - Detect Dead
 ^ | Mayhem | Ill (Master) - Mayhem
 `Spell=[SpellSchool] [SpellLvlNum]: [OriginalName] (min lvl: [SpellLvl])` | Flames | Des I: Flames (min lvl: 0)
^| Detect Dead | Alt IV: Detect Dead (min lvl: 75)
^|Mayhem|Ill V: Mayhem (min lvl: 100)

## Spellbook
Available for records of Book type **that teach spells**. Signature `BOOK`.

`Spellbook` has available to it all tags [Spell](#Spell) has access to, plus the following tags.

Master ESP tags:
- [x] **[SpellOriginalName]** Name of the spell as defined in the first esp that creates it.

- [ ] **[SpellbookShortName]** Name of the spellbook with everything before the first `:` chopped.
Example:

<div style="margin: 0 auto; width: 70%;">

|Name|Short name|
|---|---|
|Spell Tome: Bound Dagger| Bound Dagger|
|Aedra Prayer Tome: Prayer to Dibella| Prayer to Dibella|
|Witchhunter Tome: Conjure Elven Arrows| Conjure Elven Arrows|

</div>

Current ESP tags:
- [x] **[SpellName]** Name of the spell as defined in the currently selected esp file.

Winning ESP tags:
- [x] **[Spell]** Spell name generated by the [Spell](#Spell) format.

#### Usage example

Using default values defined in `_Names.ini`:
Format|Original|Processed
|---|---|---|
 `Spellbook=Tome, [Spell]` | Spell Tome: Firebolt| Tome, Des II: Firebolt
 ^ | Spell Tome: Ash Rune| Tome, Alt IV: Ash Rune
 `Spellbook=[[SpellSchool]] Spellbook ([SpellLvlName]): [SpellOriginalName]` | Spell Tome: Firebolt| [Des] Spellbook (Apprentice): Firebolt
 ^ | Spell Tome: Ash Rune| [Alt] Spellbook (Expert): Ash Rune



*[Translated]: This value is automatically translated from whatever you defined in `_Names.ini`.
*[Winning ESP]: Values are taken from the winning esp instead of the currently selected. Thus, making renaming compatible with patches already present in your load order.
*[Current ESP]: Values are strictly gotten from the esp the script is run on.
*[Master ESP]: Values are strictly gotten from the first esp that creates this record.
